W-19365943-customized-Java-truststores (#3119)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/tls-configuration.adoc

== Keystores and Truststores

> In a Mule configuration, the `tls:trust-store` and `tls:key-store` elements allow you to reference specific certificates and keys. If you don't specify a `tls:trust-store`, Mule uses the default Java truststore, which is maintained by Java and is updated automatically when Java is updated. This helps ensure that certificates from Certificate Authorities (CAs) remain current.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a Mule configuration, the `tls:trust-store` and `tls:key-store` elements allow you to reference specific certificates and keys. If you don't specify a `tls:trust-store`, Mule uses the default Java truststore, which is maintained by Java and updated automatically when Java is updated. This helps make sure that certificates from Certificate Authorities (CAs) remain current.
```

> Using a custom Java Trust Store is not the standard approach in MuleSoft and can lead to connectivity issues with the MuleSoft control plane when MuleSoft certificates are renewed. 
> 
> [IMPORTANT]
> We recommend using the default Java truststore to prevent connectivity disruptions. If you use a custom truststore, you are responsible for managing and updating it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[IMPORTANT]
We recommend using the default Java truststore to prevent connectivity disruptions. Using a custom Java truststore isn’t the standard approach in MuleSoft and can cause connectivity issues with the MuleSoft control plane when MuleSoft certificates are renewed. If you choose to use a custom truststore, you’re responsible for managing and updating it.
```
Another shorter option: 

[IMPORTANT]
Use the default Java truststore to avoid connectivity issues. If you use a custom truststore, you’ll need to manage and update it when MuleSoft certificates are renewed.
